channel sponsor thermaltake
thermaltake play even better all hello
you have a novel and this is a techno-kitchen
install two video cards in one
the computer must have dreamed each of us
And many have tried, let's not water
open this topic and most importantly, we will understand
terms
whole this geforce video card from
Corporation nvidia crossfire when
radeon video card
not all video cards from md
support joins and all
motherboards have the support and
of processors only and 7 and preferably with
Okay index 1 for such a turn of affairs
other processors will not open
union for ligaments need two
identical chips for example two gtx 770
often important having the same
memory capacity
to avoid problems just buy
two identical video cards
video memory is not cumulative as they think
many but now the main thing
does it make any sense considering
that power supplies are needed more powerful
definitely ligaments need to do the case
top graphics cards just because
there is nothing more powerful on the market
get maximum fps take two top
such implementation is justified in the case of 4-ke
permissions still single cards for
it is not the same in the case of
games on three monitors
and now the most important thing is to do
layer or crossfire is not on top
video cards here all just make
list of favorite games
if at least one of them does not support
tandem it is contraindicated to you and better
aim to buy top and if
ok you play for example only
battlefield 4 or gta 5 then look
tests
if they see two video cards give out fps
more than 1 and less expensive than top
you need to decide on a tandem only
make sure the power of your unit
there is enough power supply and in a wheelbarrow there are 4 790
system board key supporting
overclocking without limits + processor and
cooler in your opinion full hd with interest
enough for such video cards as gtx 970
and r9 290x and in general there is no point for a thief
with you sl or crossfire in the market
more already have a large number more
cool video cards if you want to
play witch with hair or gta 5 with
knee-deep buy fury x or
980ti
fence 2 970 do not recommend although we know
that your hands are very itchy
and in case of 4, you can and will aim at
purchase of two tops 2,980 ti or 2 fury
x
as for the solution two chips on one
video card
this song is separate and about this next
once you had an affair all bye bye